README.md, before:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2026 LibreCode coop and contributors
SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-or-later
-->

# PDF Elements

A Vue 2 component for rendering PDFs with draggable and resizable element overlays.

**[Demo](https://libresign.github.io/pdf-elements/)** · [Examples](examples/)

## API

### Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `width` | String | `'100%'` | Container width |
| `height` | String | `'100%'` | Container height |
| `initFiles` | Array | `[]` | PDF files to load |
| `initFileNames` | Array | `[]` | Names for the PDF files |
| `initialScale` | Number | `1` | Initial zoom scale |
| `showPageFooter` | Boolean | `true` | Show page footer with document name and page number |
| `hideSelectionUI` | Boolean | `false` | Hide selection handles and actions UI |
| `showSelectionHandles` | Boolean | `true` | Show resize/move handles on selected elements |
| `showElementActions` | Boolean | `true` | Show action buttons on selected elements |
| `pageCountFormat` | String | `'{currentPage} of {totalPages}'` | Format string for page counter |
| `autoFitZoom` | Boolean | `false` | Automatically adjust zoom to fit viewport on window resize |

### Events

- `pdf-elements:end-init` - Emitted when PDF is loaded

### Slots

- `element-{type}` - Custom element rendering (e.g., `element-signature`)
- `custom` - Fallback for elements without specific type
- `actions` - Custom action buttons

Commit message:

feat: implement read only elements
Signed-off-by: Vitor Mattos <1079143+vitormattos@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2026 LibreCode coop and contributors
SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-or-later
-->

# PDF Elements

A Vue 2 component for rendering PDFs with draggable and resizable element overlays.

**[Demo](https://libresign.github.io/pdf-elements/)** · [Examples](examples/)

## API

### Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `width` | String | `'100%'` | Container width |
| `height` | String | `'100%'` | Container height |
| `initFiles` | Array | `[]` | PDF files to load |
| `initFileNames` | Array | `[]` | Names for the PDF files |
| `initialScale` | Number | `1` | Initial zoom scale |
| `showPageFooter` | Boolean | `true` | Show page footer with document name and page number |
| `hideSelectionUI` | Boolean | `false` | Hide selection handles and actions UI |
| `showSelectionHandles` | Boolean | `true` | Show resize/move handles on selected elements |
| `showElementActions` | Boolean | `true` | Show action buttons on selected elements |
| `readOnly` | Boolean | `false` | Disable drag, resize, and actions for elements |
| `pageCountFormat` | String | `'{currentPage} of {totalPages}'` | Format string for page counter |
| `autoFitZoom` | Boolean | `false` | Automatically adjust zoom to fit viewport on window resize |

### Events

- `pdf-elements:end-init` - Emitted when PDF is loaded

### Slots

- `element-{type}` - Custom element rendering (e.g., `element-signature`)
- `custom` - Fallback for elements without specific type
- `actions` - Custom action buttons
